hello my love where you are
maybe your wedding too
plan or be invited on one
wedding and now you face the
ask what I give away either
my girlfriend marries so so the
brew or what could I as a give away
give away
I also asked myself this question
and then I came
the glorious idea like me
maybe that's the one thing
other things already seen there are
namely and that is indexed beginning
totally good what wild hearts have yes
I already saw but maybe have
you have not thought he is as
to see a gift because I think that's it
that 's exactly the right gift
because it has so first of all is something
completely different, yes it is not a thing
you give away nothing else so no
So there is a really nasty idea
wedding gifts or nasty james and
I thought that's really cool but
First of all, maybe you know that
principle not at all and then
I'll explain something to you shortly
that with this jewel kersten on itself
we can see is the big one
candle even smaller burns behind me
just one from it are just scented candles
There are many different ones
fragrance directions and the joke is there
that in wax
a gem is so must
Make candles and burn them down
you can see the gem here
that a little bag and there
is jewelry in it
I chose it because
everyone has finger but not the date
holes so there are earrings or rings
I am now for rings
decided and so you meet first
Of course the choice which fragrance the
fragrance which size and then stop
which piece of jewelry or the funny
You do not know what's in there
It can jewelry from 10 to 250 euros in it
his
so it's a bit like
Surprise bag for girls for the
adult woman
that is just as special and me
find that a cool idea just as
I have different ones
fragrances here once through
geschnuppert
you can open that yes and yes
sniff and my favorite is so far
definitely passion fruit but that's right
so cool that smells like it is so
I think Katies exotic anyway
20 as well as I really delicious
So passion fruit is definitely
my favorite, I also have orange
Ice cream report also really cool then
what burns what burns the little one
fresh watermelon also smells very much
very good so after watermelon chewing gum
and pina colada chocolate judge
still different and coconut also very very
yummy and strawberry which I think
the strawberry does not smell so good
I think the others are far away
better and my favorites are on
any case as and
Passion fruit still smell for me
on
yes somehow most pleasant
most natural and yes if you too
then a damn good idea then finds
now gets first fat discount if
you see this below and here
below in the infobox located link
once pressed to enter the code
is the first a discount and if
you wanted to have one of the cats
please write in the comments which
may you like to have
I have passion fruit oranges as
strawberry and pina colada watermelon
for just back from you, I will also
show that it is his turn
I just lit it
that means I have to spend a few hours
wait and then tomorrow can show you
what have scored it in the glass what
a ring I'm very curious
I am very excited again jewelry
looks and really very exciting okay
that was definitely my give away
and wedding gift tip let it
Sink once because it's real
it's just something else
and for me that love the surprise
In any case, really good and you have to
not necessarily the huge ones
can give away and also the smaller ones
take sizes and then already on those
already know theirs on the tables
I have mine on those wedding celebration
so table on every table
candle and then maybe you can still
make a game out of it somehow
I do not know that at the table
raffled among the women of the smugglers
there is definitely there in each case
lots of creative ways how to do that
If you can bring candles to the man
now a very big one
maybe you can have a wedding celebration
do not give each one a present
but maybe every wedding table yes
the candle again and again
is definitely a very cool idea
I found it funny and that's why I share
who share with you share with you
every case the candles as I said
write in the comments
After my father's week I will be the
then trigger the winner personally and
inform and then we'll see each other
tomorrow again in the next video me
wish you a sunny until then
Day
one day later it still needs to be known
what hate in my candle
So you see the half is under fire
then I could fish the gate and
Although I had this sweet Nordstetter
were worth 25 euros and in
Sterling silver
they are real it would have made me worse
So I think they really are
sweet and who were now in a small
candle and in your heart so I went
are giving away to you
and are just a bit bigger because
you have to diminish a bit longer
So that was my present tip to you
for you and yes write me in the
comments which you saved and how
her idea is like that
wedding gift or gabriel